I mean, for example I was
standing in the air, I have witnesses.
- How do you stand in the air?
- I did.
For example, I was going to another
city with bus. And one moment...
- Gentlemen...What's the gentlemen's name?
- Have witnessed in this.
Sir, once upon a time, a guy said
when I was my country...
Allah! Allah!
Yes. Yes. Mr. Sabri what
are you doing? Have a sit.
- This, this, take this out.
- Yeah, let's, let's take you out.
Tarık, you can come back.
Yes. It was all just a show,.
It's clear. I'm not gonna talking about this.
- Sir...Sir...
- One second...Please shut up.
- When was you fly...
- I'm not talking about this.
-  ...I was in that program.
- I'm talking about something different.
- It was all just a show.
- Show?
- Yes, you're did.
- If  I did performance...
- Let's fly now then.
-  ...then God curse me.
Let's fly now.
Allah! Allah!
What this guy doing ?
Now...
(AFTER A BREAK)
But sir, you're saying you can fly, but you're not.
Allah!
All you're did, rolling on the floor, this is not meaning of fly. You're just rolling on the floor.
Bioenergy is a bullshit.
- For God's sake!
- Bioenerji in everywhere already. Like your watch.
But your watch can't heal your hand.
Or your ilness. It can't. It's a bullshit.
- You jumping on TV. And your say it's a bullshit.
- It's a bullshit.
- You want me to fly? You want?
- Are you saying you've divine power? Divine power?
Yes. See. See.
Mr. Sabri come yourself.
People watching this.
This is not true.
Are you healing people? Are you gonna
healing people? Really? How can people trust you?
If I was a patient, I'm gonna scared of you.
Mr. Sabri you're toppled glasses.
You're did this.
This is not true.
These are out of my hand. I'm not desire
this things. You're seduce me.
- Mr. Sabri why you're jumping?
- Go to the doctor.
- I'm going a shrink already.
- You are? What's his saying?
I'm going to a psychiatric hospital. And shriks.
They don't know anything.
Look, Mr. Selim. I chance my operator
to Vodafone. Why is that?
Because Vodafone says ''Fold and Earn campaing.
What is that mean?''
When you install 10 TL, you earn 50 TL.
When you install second 10 TL, you earn 100 TL.
In third install, 150 TL, in fourth install you earn
200 TL. And with all of that you can earn to 500 TL.
And this money you earn, you can
spent on your recipe. To all operators.
Yes. Yes. What you doing Mr. Selim? Have a sit.
This, this, take this out.
- Yeah, let', let's take you out.
-Take this out.
Yeah, let's take Mr. Selim out. Let's call
the Red. Tarık, you can come back.